---
layout: internal
title: Legal notes
lang: en
ref: 'note-legali'
permalink: /en/legal-notes/

narrow: true
---

[https://io.italia.it](https://io.italia.it) is a website that aims to contribute to the growth and coordination of a community of developers and users interested in the development and utilization of the IO Italia project. The site is managed by the Agency for Digital Italy.

In some cases (such as the discussion forum), to access the content and/or to benefit from the Services, it may be necessary to use credentials issued by the managers of other services (like GitHub or Google) or to register by requesting the attribution of new credentials. The user acknowledges that the Agency, throughout the entire relationship, will identify him or her as the owner of their own rights and duties exclusively on the basis of the digital identity attributed to him or her and represented by the credentials (user ID/email and password) that he/she has indicated and/or chosen to utilize. The user thus undertakes to safeguard such credentials and to immediately report any loss of the exclusive control over them to the Agency - whereby he/she has chosen to register directly on the Website - via the email address [protocollo@pec.agid.gov.it](mailto:protocollo@pec.agid.gov.it), acknowledging that, in the absence of such signaling occurring and until the moment of its reception, he/she shall be responsible for every action and conduct undertaken using these credentials (such as the publication of content online, service requests, etc.) and will not be able to contest the use of the services or access to the content related to the use of the aforementioned credentials in any way.

The user, through certain services available on the website (such as the discussion forum), may proceed with the publication, dissemination or communication of content, undertaking not to publish, disseminate or communicate content aimed solely at violating the law and/or any right of third parties. In such cases, moreover, the user declares and guarantees to have all rights necessary for the publication of the content (text, images, photographs and/or depictions, films, audiovisual material), having previously obtained the required consent and disclaimers necessary in accordance with the regulations in force, with particular - but not exclusive - reference to the law on copyright and privacy regulations. The user undertakes from this point forth to indemnify and keep indemnified the Agency for Digital Italy from any request, also for compensation, proposed and/or deriving directly or indirectly from the use of the Services and/or the publication of any content by the same user. For the purpose of this indemnity, any undertakings using the credentials attributed to the latter will be considered attributable to the user, unless the loss thereof is communicated to the Company prior to the aforementioned conduct. It is understood that the Agency for Digital Italy reserves the right to remove any content at any time that has been posted by the user through the services in relation to the reporting of an alleged infringement of third party rights or in any case at its own unquestionable judgement. The user grants the Agency for Digital Italy the non-exclusive right and license, not subject to any compensation - and thus in a manner that is completely free - to use, adapt, publish, distribute, reproduce and execute without territorial limitations and/or time frames all that is transmitted, sent and published by the user via the services. The aforementioned provisions regarding the publication of content via the website do not apply to the publication of source code through the GitHub service referred to by the website. This publication remains subject to the conditions of use accepted by users upon access to the relevant discussion platform.

Ownership of all documents and content (texts, presentations, images, photographs, videos, etc.) is held by the Agency for Digital Italy. Viewing, downloading and any use of the data published on the website implies the acceptance of these legal notices and the conditions of the license with which they are published. Unless otherwise indicated, the content published on this website is made available under the CC-BY 3.0 license, the full text of which is available at the following address: [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/it/legalcode](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/it/legalcode). This signifies that, unless otherwise specified, the contents of this site may be freely distributed and reused, provided that the source is always cited and - where possible - the web address of the original page is conveyed. The source code of the website, rather, is available here on the GitHub platform and is thus reusable within the limits of the relative license. The Agency for Digital Italy constantly strives to ensure the quality of the information published on the website, as well as its integrity, up-to-datedness, completeness, timeliness, ease of consultation and accessibility. For any report or suggestion, please write to protocollo@pec.agid.gov.it. Under no circumstances may the Agency for Digital Italy be held responsible for damages of any kind arising directly or indirectly from accessing the website, nor by the inability or impossibility to access it. Links to external websites that are shown on this site are simply provided as a service to users, with the exclusion of any responsibility for the correctness and completeness of all the links shown. The provision of the links does not imply any kind of approval by the Agency for Digital Italy nor the sharing of responsibility in relation to the legality, completeness and correctness of the information contained on the websites indicated.
