---
layout: internal
title: Privacy Policy
lang: en
ref: 'privacy-policy'
---

This page describes the methods and conditions of processing the personal data of those utilizing the website (hereinafter, also "users") who access and use the website [https://io.italia.it](https://io.italia.it) (hereinafter, also the "website"). The information is provided pursuant to Article 13 of Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 - Personal Data Protection Code for all users who, by interacting with the website, provide their personal data. The validity of the information contained in this page is limited to this website only and does not extend to other websites that may be viewed via hyperlink. The Data Controller for the data collected through the website is AgID - Agency for Digital Italy, located in Via Liszt 21 - 00144 Rome, with email address [protocollo@pec.agid.gov.it](protocollo@pec.agid.gov.it). Any third parties to whom the data could be communicated for the execution of processing operations connected with the purposes specified in this notice, will be previously designated by the Data Controller as Data Processors pursuant to Article 29 of the Data Protection Code. The personal data of users, other than the information the user publishes directly on the website in the appropriate area of ​​discussion, will not be subject to discussion.

All personal data provided through the website will be processed lawfully and fairly in order to provide the services requested and to respond to communications and questions from users, always in pursuit of the institutional purposes of the Agency, as required by the law. Personal data is processed via automated means for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which it is collected, in accordance with the provisions of Article 11, letter e) of the Privacy Code. The Agency adopts all security measures stated in the Privacy Code to protect the data collected, in order to avert risks of data loss or theft, unauthorized access and of illegal or improper use. At any time, the user may exercise their rights under Article 7 of the Privacy Code, in order to obtain confirmation of the existence or non-existence of their personal data and to determine its content and origin, verify its accuracy or request its integration, updating or rectification. Under the same provision, users can also request the deletion, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed in breach of the law, and in any way oppose its processing for legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the following address: protocollo@pec.agid.gov.it. Through the same email address, users can also request the updated list of persons in charge of handling personal data, having been appointed by the Data Controller. This Privacy Policy is subject to updates. Users are therefore asked to periodically review its content.